FISH-8302 Describe Configuration of Virtual Threads in Concurrency Resources (#551)
payara/Payara-Documentation: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/Technical Documentation/Payara Server Documentation/Command Reference/create-managed-executor-service.adoc

The default value is 0, which means that threads are never purged.
`--taskqueuecapacity`::
Specifies the number of submitted tasks that can be stored in the task queue awaiting execution. The default value is 2147483647, which means that the task queue is essentially unbounded and can store any number of submitted tasks.
`--usevirtualthreads`::

> If enabled, virtual threads will be used instead of the default thread pool. They provide a quick creation, minimal overhead and fast thread switching, but executed on a limited "carrying threads". Use virtual threads for tasks, which depend on external resources like database, microservices etc. Do not use them for long calculation. Available only on Java 21 and later.

Reviewer: I'd suggest making it clear what is meant by the "default thread pool". There's no point mentioning Java 21 or later, since that's the minimum for Payara 7. Also, some English adjustments.
```suggestion
If enabled, virtual threads will be used instead of the default platform thread pool. They provide quick creation, minimal overhead, and fast thread switching, but are executed on limited "carrying threads". Use virtual threads for tasks which depend on external resources like databases, micro-services, etc. Do not use them for long calculation.
```
